Hints for Comments/Input in Connect Conversations

If group A team members' Comments are representative for the whole project team, most of inputs are generic.
It seems that the Connect Conversations training/workshop that you attended are not effective.
 
Anyway, please refer to the following samples so that you can revise and be more specific.

A good reminder is to use SMART (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, and Time-Bound) goals.

 

 
1. What contributions did you make in this period and what was the resulting business impact?   


	
I mainly delivered the Cause Investigation Report of tickets ABC-1 & ABC-2
	
I stepped-up by accepting the challenge to be a tenured buddy of Persons A & B working on tickets ABC-1 & ABC-2.
	
I accepted and worked on the challenge to be one of the team's Security PIC that resulted to 100% submission and compliance for May and June.
	
I created the tool and guideline on how to make a long sql query into shorter and easy-to-understand/use shorter queries for faster investigation, then shared to the team.

   
2. What could you have done differently for greater impact?   


	
While waiting for response of data/log request of ticket ABC-1, I should have helped on other tickets so that I will expedite my learning curve.
	
I should have research the internet on how to make my PC perform better and then reported earlier that it's really degraded or not suitable for the project environment setup.
	
I should have been more assertive in asking questions than wait for my tenured buddy to know that I'm stuck.
	
I should have prepared and properly facilitated my asakai turn/s to improve my communication skills and the asakai discussion is smooth and optimized.

   
3. What are your key deliverables and the expected business impact for the coming period?   


	
As I've completed 1 Incident ticket in 1 month and learned the techniques from my leads and colleagues, I will complete 2 Incident tickets in 1.5 months so that the client will be delighted and continue to be business partner of Fujitsu.
	
I'll create a tool to make the imported csv file more readable with formatted data tables and thus make investigation faster.
	
I will conduct a technical share session on my completed ticket ABC-1 on 2nd week of August to somehow widen the knowledge of my teammates.
	
I will conduct a TechTok in August about best-practices I learned on code-tracing of complex issues to enhance my communications skill

   
4. What will you do in the upcoming period to learn and grow?   


	
Within August, I will read and understand well the industry-recommended "7 Habits of Highly Effective People", then apply my key learnings.
	
I will enhance my investigation, debugging/code-tracing, and bug-fixing skill by participating in Eclipse's bug-fixing community with a target to fix 1 bug in August and 3 bugs in September.
	
In codewars.com, achieve the rank of 7 kyu in Java, JavaScript, and SQL by August/End and 6 kyu by September/End.
	
I will register in gitlab.com/github.com this July and create a simple web app by August.
	
I will improve the manual process of <input topic> by Aug 12 through automated script, macro, or simple App.